in a few days friends and subscribers of
youtube in this video I want to show you
how to install one of the best
emulators for ios android I already made the
Android version work here
down and you all wanted me
did an android version and in this
Thursday app bonus
I can upload another I have an application
super good I'll show you how
make them on android
let's go with the logo and start with the
video
with a simpler part as I told you
it's much simpler than what we have
what to do on the web because if you have to
make the jailbreak install a font and
all that around here you're just going to
go to the link that I'm going to leave here below
that this mark was a point with in the
description for being the link and it's going
to give the link of the article where
is the explanation in that article is
will be direct to the part says android and
there are two methods but really like the
method one you have more than
enough you are going to give him here and
will indicate to let it open in the
play estoril age here to open the
link
there is the emulator you simply
them here to open me once you
gives here already after it is installed
you will see that it will open and it will be
working and now we're going to show in
the part that you have to go to
computers ok guys if you are going to go
to the same article that we are going to leave
here below to go to this page
where it says here you will give
here he will direct you to this page and there
this one look for the game that you want me
here choose grand thef auto and already what
download what is going to download true where
says here download now
show a promotion a video you the
age play you see that video and you're done and
will download at the same time as
you are seeing you live once
download the lighthouse looking here you what
is going to get out of here ok you do not have to
draw from this compressed file that
says it's going to come out now it 's late
a little bit once the file leaves the
compressed file look here did this
you will spend it here on your side and
you need a program to transfer the
documents on android I here use
android vall transfer ok i'm going to
leave the link here taking it away can
download then here you put it in
download to make it much easier
find it download ready we hope the
time that happens will already depend on
its from your device as you can
see expressed is 1.58 gigabyte and in its
device what you are going to do is
go to phi phi
is pepe and there is supposed to find the
game when you enter this bastion of
He says
game and it gives you where you keep it you will see
you save it in download there you
good eyes that I saved and this was
the new game that saves the grand
theft auto but I have in my playstation
and I knew that game had
evolved so much that I'm going to
leave my twitter here below that I
they want to see playing and I uploaded the game
to my channel the game look at it here and it's
working in the best way so
guys like I said super easy
to install already I have it here it works
super super good all the information goes
to be down here guys I travel them
this video up to here before without before
tell him that today I'm going to take out the 100
names that are going to be here I will do
a video about that to announce it in the
Friday comment and upload the video
from the whole process to my personal channel
but today I'm going to take 100
users who most support this channel
leaving comment giving him little hands
up all that I 'm going to thank you
forever and that 's why it's a
name will be here forever grace
to all the support you give me what
I've been announcing since I got the
gift so that those who truly
support show a support to be here
also because sometimes you stop
support so do not veil not veto all
videos but I wanted to remind the guys
another thing is that today we are going to be in
our martian podcast cap like all
Monday and Thursday 7 pm Mexico 8 pm hour
colombia we have super themes
interesting that you know because the
hackers hacked to are or will be the
hackers in truth that and other issues
we are going to have today in our podcast 7
pm mexico 8 pm colombia I wait for you
Martian guys font I'm going to give you the
link below for you to us
can continue on the podcast this has been
all for today
subscribe so I notified calcium and a
new martial video font if that section
is the application of the year 2014